README.md, before:

# weight Tracker

## Description

An application that tracks weight loss or gain and shows the best foods to consume to achieve either weight gain or loss.

## Technologies used

python

## Behaviour Driven Development(BDD)

| Behaviour | Input | Output |
| :---------------- | :---------------: | ------------------: |
| to add post | click on sign up |  fill in the registration field |
| to add post if u had already signed up | click on login | fill in the field |

## Known bugs

no bugs

## SetUp / Installation Requirements

### Prerequisites

* python3.6
* pip
* Virtual environment(virtualenv)

### Cloning

* In your terminal:

        ` $ git clone https://github.com/dennisnyamweya/Weight-Track.git 

        ` $ cd weight-tracker

### Creating the virtual environment

        `$ python3.6 -m venv --without-pip ven

        `$ source ven/bin/env

        `$ curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py | python

### Installing Flask and other Modules

        `$ python3.6 -m pip install Flask

        `$ python3.6 -m pip install Flask-Bootstrap

        `$ python3.6 -m pip install Flask-Script
        
         `$  pip install flask-wtf 
         
         `$  pip install flask-SQLAlchemy 
         
         `$ pip install psycopg2 
         
         `$ pip install flask-migrate 
         
         `$ pip install flask-login
         
         `$ pip install flask-uploads
         
         `$ pip install flask-mail
         
         `$ pip install flask-simplemde markdown2
         
         `$pip install gunicorn

## Setting up the API Key

To be able to gather article info from the News API you will need an API Key.
Visit     and register for an API key.
In the root directory of the project folder create a file: start.sh
Insert the following info into it:
export NEWS_API_KEY=''
python3.6 manage.py server
Insert the API Key you received from News Api where is.

## Running the Application

* To run the application, in your terminal:

        `$ flask run

## LICENSE

The application is under an [MIT License].

Commit message:

README.md added intstall alternative using one line

README.md, after:

# weight Tracker

## Description

An application that tracks weight loss or gain and shows the best foods to consume to achieve either weight gain or loss.

## Technologies used

python

## Behaviour Driven Development(BDD)

| Behaviour | Input | Output |
| :---------------- | :---------------: | ------------------: |
| to add post | click on sign up |  fill in the registration field |
| to intract with app | click on login | fill in the field  and submit |

## Known bugs

no bugs

## SetUp / Installation Requirements

### Prerequisites

* python3.6
* pip
* Virtual environment(virtualenv)

### Cloning

* In your terminal:

        ` $ git clone https://github.com/dennisnyamweya/Weight-Track.git 

        ` $ cd weight-tracker

### Creating the virtual environment

        `$ python3.6 -m venv --without-pip ven

        `$ source ven/bin/env

        `$ curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py | python

### Installing Flask and other Modules

        `$ python3.6 -m pip install Flask

        `$ python3.6 -m pip install Flask-Bootstrap

        `$ python3.6 -m pip install Flask-Script
        
         `$  pip install flask-wtf 
         
         `$  pip install flask-SQLAlchemy 
         
         `$ pip install psycopg2 
         
         `$ pip install flask-migrate 
         
         `$ pip install flask-login
         
         `$ pip install flask-uploads
         
         `$ pip install flask-mail
         
         `$ pip install flask-simplemde markdown2
         
         `$pip install gunicorn
## installing alternative

`$ pip install -r requirements.txt

## Setting up the API Key

To be able to gather article info from the News API you will need an API Key.
Visit     and register for an API key.
In the root directory of the project folder create a file: start.sh
Insert the following info into it:
export NEWS_API_KEY=''
python3.6 manage.py server
Insert the API Key you received from News Api where is.

## Running the Application

* To run the application, in your terminal:

        `$ flask run

## LICENSE

The application is under an [MIT License].
